Added Azure AD MFA Auth with O365 (#3348)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/identity-protection/hello-for-business/hello-hybrid-key-trust-prereqs.md

## Multifactor Authentication ##
Windows Hello for Business is a strong, two-factor credential the helps organizations reduce their dependency on passwords.  The provisioning process lets a user enroll in Windows Hello for Business using their user name and password as one factor, but needs a second factor of authentication.

> Hybrid Windows Hello for Business deployments can use Azure’s Multi-factor Authentication service or they can use multi-factor authentication provides by Windows Server 2012 R2 or later Active Directory Federation Services, which includes an adapter model that enables third parties to integrate their multi-factor authentication into AD FS. The Multi-factor authentication enabled in Office 365 license is sufficient for direct Multi-factor Authentication against Azure AD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hybrid Windows Hello for Business deployments can use Azure’s Multi-factor Authentication service or they can use multi-factor authentication provided by Windows Server 2012 R2 or later Active Directory Federation Services, which include an adapter model that enables third parties to integrate their multi-factor authentication into AD FS. The Multi-factor authentication enabled in Office 365 license is sufficient for direct Multi-factor Authentication against Azure AD.
```

Reviewer 2: I agree
